Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[peaceful music playing]
[woman] I often think…
marriage is like the ocean.
At its best.
it's the most glorious thing in the world.
Deep with desire…
majestic…
yet gentle.
Just pure magic.
But when it's like…
[upbeat music playing]
[man singing Hindi]
[woman] Marriage is hectic.
Like one lucky packet it is.
You don't know what you're gonna get.
What do you think?
About?
My hair.
Oh… okay.
Mm-hmm…
How much you paid for it?
Eight hundred.
[chuckles]
They ripped you off. huh?
You should try my barber.
[woman] Marriage can also
be like one big tsunami.
That wave will come from nowhere.
You don't know what hit you. man.
Shanti. so short you cut my fingernails.
Ah. she made a top breakfast.
Yeah. She don't mind.
[woman] Yeah.
marriage can be like a cup of tea.
Shanti. organize me a cup of tea.
[woman]
Sometimes strong or sometimes weak.
And you ask yourself.
"Hey. what happened here?"
What are you doing?
Giving those ribbons a perm?
You know. I can't wait for the day
that I become a proud Aya.
Hey. there's only one Aya in this town.
and she is not dead yet.
You know. they'll be here soon.
[Aya] Can I help you all?
No. you just sit there
and help Desan blow those balloons.
I'm on my last few breaths.
and you want I must blow balloons.
Very untidy. Shanti.
No. it isn't.
-Very untidy.
-No. it isn't.
Look at this. You do it.
Hey. did you look at the list
of baby names from our moms?
Agh… [chuckles]
-So Jennifer and Shanti.
-[chuckles]
When we are gonna be parents.
we are doing things our way.
You got new shoes bro. huh?
Huh… wanna get a good look. Brazzo.
-[laughing]
-Oh gosh!
[scoffs] "Wanna take a good look. Brazzo?"
As for Preggie. I don't know whether
he's calling "Shanti" or "I want tea".
He… [sighs]
You're stressed?
No. I didn't eat this morning.
Hmm. way to go. Shanti.
Intermittent fasting.
Where I got time for
'intermission' fasting and all this thing
when Preggie keeps inviting people home?
No. Again?
Preggie is an ass.
[Shanti] If he is happy. then I am happy.
I think.
Okay. I don't know.
-Listen. we have a plan. remember?
-Hmm.
It's your 50th birthday.
It's a couples-only holiday.
This is the holiday
when we get our husbands back.
-Yeah.
-[Elvis] Brazzo. this is the holiday
where we dodge the wives. huh?
[laughing]
[gasps] Guys. they are here.
Preggie. Elvis. come!
-Aya. come on. Let's go.
-Mama. come on. Come on.
[honking]
Come on.
[upbeat music playing]
Come here.
You're gonna drop her. Oh.
I don't even know
how these two managed to make a baby.
and they haven't even said
a word to each other.
You don't need to talk for that.
[gasps] Oh man!
Look at how cute they look.
Pregnancy looks good on her.
Nice to see you
suddenly so observant. Elvis.
Huh?
Hey. what happened?
Menopause.
I think Jodi and Prishen
will have a baby soon.
Yeah. hopefully.
It will be the best 50th present ever.
-I know.
-Shanti. Shanti.
I'll have some tea.
Make for Elvis too.
Just wait a minute.
-It's contagious. bro.
-Hmm.
Half teaspoon sugar
and extra milk for me and boil the milk.
Where are we gonna leave Aya
when we go on this trip?
I wanna come too.
I don't want to go stay by my connections.
You can stay at Shanti's house
with Arsevan and Poobasha.
See. Elvis? She want I must die.
Ma. please. If that's what I wanted.
you would be long gone.
-[Elvis] Now.
-[Jennifer] She started it.
You all must read in the paper
for my funeral message.
Classifications. Page number two.
Mother of Elvis Kandasamy. 80 something.
heart of gold. gone too soon.
She ran out of luck
but was not out for a duck.
Why I must bloody boil the milk…
Boil it on her damn head.
[shutter clicking]
[phone ringing]
Hey. She takes a bit long to answer.
[chuckles]
Fifty bucks they'll ask
when we're gonna have a baby.
-Oh. you're on.
-[laughs]
Come quick. Quick.
Hey.
I'm warning the two of you.
No asking them about
having children and all that.
-Yeah. every time you say the same thing.
-There they are.
-Hi!
-Hello.
Hi. everyone.
We were just talking about you all.
How was the baby shower?
So lovely.
Jodi. your face is looking so. uh. full.
Shh.
What? I didn't say anything.
-[Aya] Let me say hello.
-Hey. Aya.
You hold it in front.
-There you are.
-Hello.
Tell me something. when I'm going
to become a great grandmother?
[Jennifer] Don't. Really. Give me that.
[Aya] You didn't tell me I mustn't say it.
Elvis told all of us not to say anything.
and you had to go blurt it out.
Hey. I can't hold anything in.
Just like I can't hold a fart at my age.
Shut up. They're still on the line.
Ma. we've got some good news.
-Oh my God. It's happening.
-Your birthday wish is coming true.
I just knew it.
Guys. calm down first.
We are calm. absolutely calm.
My second name is Calm-la.
[chuckles]
We're coming home for Diwali.
Wow. Wow. that… that is so nice.
It's fantastic.
Well. Jodi and I discussed it. and…
Well. we're sorry
about missing your birthday. Ma.
Hey. the two of you.
you all do a lot of discussing. huh?
Marriage 101. guys.
-Communication is key.
-[chuckles]
Tell me something. Prishen.
How I am gonna be a great grandmother
if you don't put your key…
You know what I mean. eh?
Oh my God. Ma. Really. really?
Okay. we're gonna get going.
-but we'll see you guys soon.
-[all] Bye.
-Love you. Bye.
-Bye.
Wow.
Really Ma. I mean. you're so raw.
I mean. there's no other word
to describe it. It's just raw.
[Shanti] I just packed easy things
so the guys can cook for us.
Do you know
Preggie has never cooked for me?
[Jennifer] Hmm.
so how does it make you feel?
The idea of him cooking for you.
[clicks tongue] Okay. so my ears get hot.
[chuckles]
And I get so shy.
Oh my God. you just said he turns you on.
Turns you on. right?
Hmm…
Shanti is getting turned on.
Shut up. man. Jen.
Anyway. what naughty things you got?
I will show you when I see you.
Shame and sadist.
Jennifer too. You slushy.
Ma. I can hear you.
Put the phone down now.
Oh…
-Shanti is there with you.
-Put the phone down. Ma.
[sighs] Oh God. Shanti. Just can't wait
to get away from this woman.
Some peace finally. Just one more sleep.
-Us and our peace.
-Yeah. just us.
And me too?
Ma. put the phone down now.
Now!
Ma!
[upbeat music playing]
So all your food is in the freezer.
Okay. my baby?
And Arsevan will take care of you.
Okay. my darling?
Hey Desan. my sweetheart.
-Good day.
-Yeah. space.
[Shanti] Now this one.
-How many more bags are there?
-Nothing else.
[whistling]
-Shanti. Shanti.
-What?
They're checking us out.
Don't look. Act normal.
-Okay.
-Just pose.
-Pose that bum.
-Pose. Uh…
[Elvis] Hey. Check out those curves. bro.
Look at her. bro. Whoa.
-Don't look.
-[Preggie] Yo! Yo!
I love big curves.
Yo. yo.
[Elvis] There's a whole lot of sexy
going on here.
Hey. bro.
wait till you take it for a ride.
[Aya] Jennifer.
[Jennifer] What. Ma?
Forgot something?
What?
Me.
-Shucks.
-It's okay. I won't need it.
Okay.
[Elvis] Check this…
Hey. what time you guys leaving?
Oh. we're gonna drop
Mom off first. and then. uh…
we pick up a few things.
and then we hit the road.
What few things?
It's a surprise.
[chuckles]
Just for the two of you.
[chuckles quietly]
Well. don't faff around. boys.
We'll be waiting.
Whoo!
[upbeat music playing]
[Shanti] Whoo! What a joy!
-We're going on a trip!
-[cheering] I cannot believe it!
We need something to munch on.
[Jennifer] You can talk to me
if you need to open your mouth.
Hi Mrs. Kandasamy.
Welcome back to San Lameer.
Thank you. Pierre.
Always lovely to be back.
-[Pierre] The usual?
-Fantastic.
-I'll do it right away.
-[Jennifer] Thank you.
[engine revving]
[lively music playing]
[woman vocalizing]
Wow!
Welcome to your holiday home.
I have no words. Whoa.
[chuckles]
And wait for it.
You guys are gonna get
the main bedroom suite.
You're joking. man.
I absolutely insist.
Elvis and I are gonna be
on the opposite side.
so that we don't disturb you guys.
Don't worry about that.
Preggie likes to play loud
R&B music when he gets in the mood.
[laughing]
Aha!
[sighs] I just love this.
Ah. me too. This is the life. Shanti.
-Hmm.
-Peace.
[sighs]
Hold on.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. Listen.
What?
Can you hear Aya?
No.
Exactly!
[laughing]
Woo!
[gentle music playing]
[Prishen] This is so beautiful.
Wow. What a fantastic villa.
We're the first ones here.
-[laughing]
-[keys jiggling]
[grunts]
-[laughs]
-I'm tall enough.
-Oh.
-Mm.
Elvis literally carried me
in front of everyone.
pinned me against the wall
and just kissed me.
[Shanti] Ooh. He pinned you?
Exactly.
And that pin never poked you?
-Shanti. You're such a…
-[laughs]
[whimsical music playing]
Preggie kissed me in the toilet…
And?
[clatters]
[laughing]
What's that?
It's them. It's them.
Come on. Let's make an entrance.
[Jodi chuckles]
[shouting]
Hi.
Hey. What happened? I don't know.
[chuckles]
[hesitates] What y'all doing here?
Uh. it's. um… It's-it's-it's a…
It's a surprise for you guys.
Yeah. I-- I don't understand.
-Um. uh…
-[whispers] The dads.
Uh. Uncle Elvis and Dad planned…
planned this for us to be here
on your birthday. [chuckles]
This is the surprise?
[chuckles] Yeah.
Oh. wow.
Yeah. Wow.
Are you… are you guys okay?
Wow. I'm shocked. Sur… surprised!
I'm surprised. shocked. surpri…
-Uh. yeah. We're so excited.
-Excited…
Come. give your mothers a hug. [chuckles]
-How are you. Prishen?
-Good.
Speaking of it. bro.
you put foot on it that last stretch. man.
Yo.
[Shanti] Hey. you really surprised us.
-Hi. boy.
-How is it. Dad?
What's wrong with you?
You were supposed to wait for us.
-So sorry about our timing. Dad.
-Hey.
You packed more than us.
Why so many bags?
[clears throat]
[Elvis chuckling]
The whole family is here. [chuckles]
[laughs nervously]
I can see the whole family is here.
Stop poking me.
Jennifer. your leg is not paining you?
Why?
Because I pulled your leg nicely.
You thought I wasn't gonna come. isn't it?
[scoffs]
And that thought is still in my head.
Okay. the surprise isn't over.
Elvis. give us a drum roll.
[Elvis drum rolls on box]
Tada. Shanti. this one's for you.
["Tu Isaq Mera" playing]
♪ She a bad chick ♪
♪ A bad chick ♪
♪ And she knows it ♪
♪ She a bad chick ♪
My sister.
In law. [clears throat] In law.
Sister-in-law.
-OMG. but you are gorgeous.
-Thank you.
And look at you. all grown up.
So handsome.
Hey Preggie.
the Naidoo blood is strong over here.
He's got my ears.
[Jennifer] So. you're Preggie's sister?
Baby. this is my best friend
and. uh. my sister.
Jennifer. Elvis's wife.
You are beautiful.
Oh. thank you.
I hope one day I get to age
as gracefully as you do.
[sighs]
Elvis…
did you know about this?
Yeah. uh. Preggie asked me.
and I said yes.
It's an eight sleeper.
Huh?
It's an eight sleeper!
Hey. you don't know.
for Indians. you double the number.
Eight is 16. 16. 32.
Lot of people we manage.
all can squeeze in.
-So. Elvis. this place is yours. right?
-Yeah.
It's ours.
Tall and you know how to rev an engine.
Seriously. Jen. I am jealous.
[scoffs] Okay. Anybody is hungry?
We all are.
Listen to me nicely. all right?
This is so ridiculous.
I don't know what to say.
[Aya] If the gulgulas are not round.
then the gulab jamun
will always face to the ground.
[laughing]
Ma.
[Jennifer] Did you see Preggie?
Smiling like a Cheshire cat. and Elvis…
She's just…
Shanti. how's the tea coming?
What happened? The kettle's not working?
I'd like to club these two.
[clatters]
Thank you.
Okay. everyone.
We have done the room allocations.
So Shanti and Preggie.
you will have the main suite.
Elvis and I will be down the hall.
And Jodi and Prishen.
you will be in the room next to us.
That leaves the last bedroom
for Aya and Baby.
Put it there. partner.
Look. she's getting over a breakup.
and she'll require a bit of privacy. eh?
Then I also want my own room.
Ma. please. just shut it.
Hey. I just don't want anybody
to wake up next to my dead body. huh?
Come on. Jen. Organize something for Baby.
Okay. le-- let's try this.
Baby. um. you get your own room.
Um. Jodi. you and Aya can share room.
And Prishen. you can shack it up
with Desan on the couch.
Sorted?
Dad. Jodi and I were looking forward
to having our own room.
Son. your Auntie came
all the way from China.
Yeah. but Dad. come on…
Hey. you can rough it up
for a few days. right? Come on.
Wait till you try Baby's chow. Her cooking
will give that one a run for her money.
That one?
Yeah. you. Because not this one.
[chuckles]
Elvis.
Shall I tell them.
or do you wanna tell them?
-You tell them.
-Okay.
I am moving in with you. guys.
-Yeah. we know. One week.
-Yeah. we know. for one week.
No. man. For good.
Forever. In Chatsworth.
[uneasy music playing]
[screaming]
Okay. okay. okay. Keep calm and breathe.
Shanti. just breathe. Breathe.
She's gonna be staying
in my house forever. Jen. forever.
Yeah. but why don't you
speak up for yourself?
-Because he looks so happy about it.
-But that's your problem.
You are always thinking
of everybody else. never about yourself.
What about you? Why can't you tell Elvis
that he makes you feel invisible?
Are you crazy? I can't do that.
I don't want him to think that I am needy.
But it's okay for him
to be running after Baby?
But it's your sister-in-law.
Oh. so now it's my fault?
Exactly. Why don't you tell your family
members to stay away from my husband?
What are you gonna do about it?
What did you say?
I said. "What are you gonna do about it?"
Really? Why don't you come closer
and say that to my face?
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
Hey.
Hey!
[grunts]
Jen. Jen. Jen! I am so sorry.
Are you okay? Are you fine?
-Jen. are you okay?
-[yells]
[grunts]
[tense music playing]
-[grunting]
-[groaning]
[laughing]
[Shanti] I can't see anything!
Let me go!
[Jennifer] This is it. This is it.
[chuckling]
[exhales sharply]
[sighs]
Forever. Shanti.
She's gonna be throwing herself
at my husband forever.
[exhales]
What about me? She's gonna be in my house.
She gonna take over.
and Preggie's just gonna let her.
Baby must go.
Yeah.
Let's bounce this Baby
before it's too late.
Whatever it takes. let's do this.
[upbeat music playing]
Oh. my sister…
-Whoa.
-Yeah.
-[Prishen] Here we go.
-[all] Oh!
Oh!
[Prishen] Okay. last one.
That's the last one.
-Aya. come on. Aya.
-Come on. Aya.
-Your turn now. Come on.
-[Aya] No. no. no.
Can you catch nuts with your mouth?
No. but you look like a pro.
Come on.
Time for our beach walk. Remember?
[Preggie] We got a better idea.
Thirty seconds.
And look. it's Baby's favorite.
Oh. if it's Baby's favorite. we'd love to.
Huh?
[vibrant music playing]
[gulping]
[Aya] Okay. Ready? Ready. guys.
Ma. it's where you had your last stroke.
Wild Coast.
Yes! Okay. Shanti.
He sings our favorite song.
"Never gonna let…" Come on. Shanti.
-♪ Never gonna give you up… ♪
-Rick Astley!
Yes. Jodi. thank you.
Shanti. please focus.
I need you to focus. focus.
Time. Come on.
Oh. my poor baby.
Ma. it's so early. Please wake him up.
Yeah. but it's not easy.
Sleeps like a log. man.
Um… so Baby.
what brings you back to South Africa?
Uh. well. I just missed my family.
Mm-hmm.
But true. after 12 years.
you're only missing them now?
To be honest. I. uh…
I went through
a rough period in China and…
Hey. you don't have to explain anything.
You're family. no? And family comes first.
[Elvis] Uh… [clears throat]
Whose turn is it?
Our turn. The guys' team.
[whispering] The guys' team.
-Check out the guys' team.
-[Baby] You're ready?
All right. She shares your wife's name.
but. uh. yeah. that's about it.
-Jennifer Lopez!
-Boom!
[Preggie and Elvis laugh]
I like him.
Okay. Ma.
you gotta give us more than that.
-He's handsome. famous…
-[Elvis laughs]
Is he an actor. singer? What. Ma?
He does lot of things.
Ma. we're running out of time.
Oh. what's new?
-Time!
-[Prishen laughs]
Eh. you don't know Nelson Mandela or what?
[laughing]
Okay. Ready. Um… fake Google.
-Yahoo.
-Jodi. stop!
Whose team are you on?
[Prishen] Come on. guys.
Okay. it's uh. K-pop band.
girl group. two colors.
-Two.
-Blackpink?
Yes!
-How did you know that?
-I just said the two colors I know.
Um. "I feel it in my fingers.
I feel it in my toes."
-Arthritis.
-Ma.
[Prishen hesitates]
Come on. We need one more point.
and it's over! Which? Which?
"Love Is All Around."
-Yes!
-Yes. Wow.
[men cheering]
[Elvis] Our team!
How. we finished. yeah. [laughs]
-Flattened.
-[Preggie] Yes.
I'd like to flatten her.
[laughing]
[indistinct whispering]
[thuds]
One. two…
[grunts]
Jodi…
are you there?
Yes. Aya.
Come. hold me like I used
to hold you when you were small.
[chuckles quietly]
How your team lost? [laughs]
Did you come here to…
-Loser. loser. You lost.
-I'm not a loser.
[laughing]
-[sighs] Elvis. finally.
-Uh-hmm.
Some alone time.
-Oh. you want some alone time?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay. I'll go then.
-No. No. no. wait…
-[chuckles]
Alone with you.
Ah.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
It's been too long.
-Far too long.
-Mm-hmm.
Take off your shirt.
[seductive music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[chuckles]
[laughing]
[chuckling softly]
[Elvis] Oh. baby.
-What?
What did you just say?
"Oh. baby."
Really. Elvis?
Is that all you can think about? Baby?
I mean from the time we got here.
it's just Baby. Baby. Baby. all the time.
I wasn't thinking about her.
Please. just…
-Hey.
-No.
-Just forget it. Forget it.
-Jen?
[sighs]
[door squeaking]
[closes]
-Someone's coming.
-What?
I heard someone coming. Get up. Let's go
[chuckles]
You also can't sleep?
[scoffs] Too much coffee.
I'm still a bit jet lagged.
At least you can keep me company.
[chuckles] Okay.
You want something?
Uh. no. I'm. I'm good.
Thanks. Auntie Baby.
Auntie Baby? Please. man.
[chuckles]
Get rid of her.
I think… I'm trying. I'm trying.
-[Jodi] Why don't you…
-Let me think. Let me think.
Can you only think
with one head at a time?
[Prishen] I'm sorry.
[chuckles]
-Who's under the covers there?
-Uh. it's uh. it's D. It's Desan.
-You want some milk. my boy?
-No! He. uh. he wet the bed.
Oh yeah. shame. I heard about that.
So. you're a big shot doctor now?
How much do you earn exactly?
[Prishen] Oh!
Oh my God!
Desan. what is wrong with you.
I'm so sorry. Auntie Baby.
I'm sorry. He moves around a lot!
For a big fellow. he's quite bony. huh?
[chuckles]
[sighs] All right.
I think I'm gonna call it a night.
Good night. Auntie Baby.
Good night. Prishen.
Good night. Jodi.
[giggling]
-[Jodi moans]
-I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
[laughs]
I'm so sorry.
[evocative music soaring]
[Shanti] It's not a holiday
if you won't take all the free things:
shampoo. conditioner. everything.
[sniffs]
-Morning!
-Oh God!
Look at what you made me do.
[sighs] Well.
that's more than what I got last night.
[Shanti] So. this is where
Preggie went this morning.
Exactly. Can you believe
they actually cooked for us?
-Wow.
-[phone rings]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
-[Jennifer] Wow.
-[Shanti] It's Baby's phone.
-Martin's calling.
-Who's Martin?
I don't know.
-Answer it.
-No.
-Are you crazy?
No. Jen. Jennifer. stop. Jen. Jen.
[phone rings]
Hi.
[Martin] Oh. Baby.
Thank God you answered.
I miss you.
Hello. Martin. [quietly] Shh.
[Martin] I'm going crazy. Baby.
Please come back. Where are you?
How could you leave like that?
-Um. uh…
-[Martin] I've been worried sick.
I know we've stuff to work out.
But please. please…
-I'm coming to get you back.
-No.
-Jenny. what are you… They're coming.
-Would you just…
[Martin speaking indistinctly]
Oh.
-[Martin] Listen to me…
-[beeps]
Hi.
Hey. hey. hey.
-[Shanti] How are you. guys?
-Did you enjoy your sleeping?
-Yeah. So how was your game of golf?
-[phone rings]
-I think that's my phone.
Phone? Uh… I can't hear any phone.
-[phone rings]
-No. it's ringing.
[Shanti] Ringing?
No. I can't hear it. Mm-hmm.
[shouts]
I thought I saw a monkey.
[Jennifer] Hey.
Hey. [chuckles]
Someone's been busy this morning.
So you actually cooked for us.
[chuckles]
[Elvis and Jennifer chuckle]
[Baby] So. as thank you for this morning…
I made breakfast.
[playful music playing]
[Jodi] Aya?
[snoring]
Hmm?
No.
Tops. Baby. Hm?
Hi.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
How was your run?
Was good.
I really missed you.
-Come hop in the shower with me.
-[chuckles]
Why don't you just go first?
I'm gonna get something from my bag.
-Give me two minutes.
-[chuckles]
At least you can take a break
from the kitchen when Baby moves in.
[man vocalizing]
Oh. it would have been nice
if the two of you actually cooked for us.
Shanti. she doesn't allow me to cook.
Am I right. babe?
-Would have been a nice surprise.
-[Preggie] What's that?
-I'm really very… [shouts]
-[shouts]
What a lovely surprise. Thank you. Baby.
See? You don't know what you're missing.
[both shouting]
By the look of it…
not much.
-Ayo.
-[Prishen shouts]
Can you do better?
Never. [laughs]
[laughing]
[gasping]
Ooh.
[moans]
[Jodi] Do you play? Why? Are you shy?
[sultry music playing]
Hey.
Sorry about last night.
Jen. there's people around.
So?
Why don't we go as couples?
Oh no. no. no. No. no. no.
You and Shanti take the slow boat.
Preggs and I are going to race.
Yeah?
Can we. bro?
-[Baby] You guys racing?
-[Elvis] Yes.
Ah. I'm so in.
-Take your pick. Baby.
-[Elvis] Come on. Baby.
Eh. like three musketeers we are.
Oh. please.
[Baby] Hey. Elvis. catch me if you can.
And look at that one.
gallivanting with my husband.
[Aya] If I was you. I'd boot her.
If she doesn't have any issue
with Martin being married then…
Who's Martin?
[Baby] Elvis. you need much more stamina
that if you want to catch up with me.
[Elvis] Okay. I'm coming.
Maybe Martin is the one
responsible for her rough patch.
Mm-huh.
I don't believe any of her stories.
You know what I think we should do?
I think we need to get her
to open up to us.
Then. we can figure out a way
to send her packing back to China.
Well. we haven't been the most welcoming
to her from the time she arrived.
I can help you.
Aw. how are you gonna help us?
Everybody comes to me
Cause you know what?
I've got a trusting face.
[chuckles]
And I've got Aishwarya Rai face.
[laughing]
But she's right because Baby won't
suspect a thing from a little old lady.
Please. don't let
that little old lady fool you.
So. what's in it for me?
Told you. See?
I'll take you to the market.
No. thanks.
But you love the market.
I also love the casino.
Okay. I'll take you
extra time to the casino once a week.
Twice a week.
No. One extra hour once a week.
and I won't tell Elvis where you were.
-Deal.
-Fine.
[peaceful music playing]
Lot of suitors I got.
Must be something about me.
[chuckles] Aya. you kill me.
Me too. I'm also dying. [laughs]
[Jennifer] No Baby.
[chuckles]
We actually have
our husbands all to ourselves.
Exactly.
-Where are they?
-[Shanti] Why are they taking so long?
What do I tell them?
I think we should
stay out of this one. babe.
Okay.
I love you.
Love you too. Bye.
It's so nice of Jennifer to do this. huh?
She must be such a kindhearted woman.
Must be. I don't know.
[chuckles]
Such a beautiful girl like yourself.
Why you not married?
Can we have two cocktails. please?
Hey. enough now. man. I am full.
-[Preggie] Hey. Elvis. I’m on.
-Pull man. pull.
-I am pulling.
-Reel!
-I am reeling.
-Come on!
You know what this means?
I… I don't know what this means.
Yeah. means your laddie knows nothing.
[laughing]
[phone rings]
Hey…
-[phone rings]
-Jennifer.
Not now.
[phone rings]
[Elvis] Hey. Love.
Where are you? Are you guys at the beach?
[Elvis] No. we are at the shop.
Yeah. yeah. this lady got a bit sick
and Prishen doesn't wanna take
any chances.
Yeah. of course.
[Elvis] It's funny. man.
We wanted to spend some time with you
at the picnic. but. love.
seems like we can't make it. huh?
Oh. don't worry about it.
Okay. love. Bye.
[chuckling]
Bro. it's a shark. man.
-[Elvis] Huh?
-A shark.
What's going on?
What?
[sighs]
All this time in China.
no one's chopsticks you liked?
Hey. you're terrible. [chuckles]
But not one person
read your fortune cookie?
Thank God. Here. drink this.
-What's this?
-Just taste it.
Mm…
Nice.
Hey. I have been wasting my time
drinking coconut water all this time.
The casino is just a few minutes away.
What you say. Aya?
Hey. Elvis don't like when I go. huh?
I won't say if you won't.
Cheers.
[Elvis] So. uh. what you told Jodi
about where we are?
[Prishen]
I told her the truth. Uncle Elvis.
Hey. what's wrong with you?
[sighs] She won't tell anyone
if that's what you are worried about.
[chuckles] That's my laddie.
Dad. the truth. like a dead fish.
always finds its way to the surface.
[chuckles]
Hey. laddie…
you mustn't worry about the truth.
You must focus on keeping the peace.
You see. if you keep the peace.
you extend the marriage lease.
Sometimes. the truth gets in the way.
I totally disagree. Uncle Elvis.
Cool. Preggs. he totally disagrees.
Ooh. using big man's words. huh?
[laughing]
Come on. I mean.
we've been watching the way
you and Prishen look at each other.
With bedroom eyes.
What?
Bedroom eyes. man.
Like when you are in the mood to do rude.
What?
[chuckles]
[laughing]
[Jennifer]
You look like you're constipated.
[laughing]
Hey. we saw how you always
turn to Jodi to check for everything.
Yeah.
See. I will be Jodi. right?
Come here. come here. Come close.
-Closer. closer.
-Hey Elvis. now I hold.
-Yeah.
[kisses. sighs]
What you say. Prishen?
Can I go to the shop? Can I go to the gym?
-Ah. we don't sound like that.
-Yeah.
-Come here. Come here.
-Go. go.
Tighter. tighter.
-Tighter. right? Close enough?
-Hmm!
[smacks lips]
-What you say. Prishen? [kisses]
-[laughing]
Can I sleep now?
Can I eat now?
Can I drink now?
Tell me what to do now.
[laughing]
-I don't sound like that.
-Hey. hey. hey.
We saw with our own two eyes how you
turn and check with Jodi for everything.
Yeah.
-Your neck is not sprained. laddie?
-Huh?
-Swing. swing. swing.
[laughing]
[indistinct chatter]
[Elvis] We were so convincing.
We said that the lady was sick.
He was even making
the sounds of a sick lady.
Save me! Quick!
[laughing]
-Hey.
-Hi.
What are you laughing at?
Lucky. I marinated extra meat. huh?
That fish you've bought is so small.
Exactly. So why would you guys
even buy them?
You all can't choose. That's the problem.
Look at this. This looks like sardines.
Except for this one.
-Yeah.
-This one's a decent size.
Hey. that's the one I caught.
You caught?
Come on. Shanti.
Let's go. I suddenly lost my appetite.
So. uh. Dad… [clears throat]
How's the neck there? Feeling sprained?
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
-This Baby will be the death of me.
-[grunts]
She comes back to Chatsworth with us.
we are finished.
What a thing.
And?
I have big ears.
What did you find out. Aya?
I don't know.
-What you found out?
-What did I tell you?
She's always like that.
All talk. no action.
[scoffs]
Something biting me.
[swishing]
What's this? [grunts]
[gasps]
This is Martin's number.
What?
[phone ringing]
Hello. Baby?
[Jennifer] Hi. is that Martin?
[sighs. hesitates]
-Yeah. it's Martin.
-[Jennifer] My name is…
Um. Kimberley.
from Dubai International Airport.
Uh. we happened to find
your contact details in a purse.
And I… I was wondering
if perhaps you know any female traveler
who might be going to South Africa?
My God.
My girlfriend. Is she in South Africa?
She just left without a trace. and…
I'm actually at her apartment now.
I was hoping…
She won't even know anyone there.
Well. I am so sorry to bother you. sir.
[Martin] I don't know what to do.
I wish I knew what I did wrong.
-I don't have a chance with her now.
-Pathetic.
Now she's ignoring me.
[crying]
[beeps]
Oh my God.
-[Shanti] I just love your accent.
-Thanks.
She talks like that to the whites too.
[laughing]
[music playing on TV]
[exhales]
I am feeling for a nice cup of tea.
Hmm.
Me too.
Bro…
wanna have some tea? Shanti's making.
Yeah. and some samosas too.
[Preggie] Shh.
Top idea. bro.
Preggie. why don't you make the tea?
[chuckling]
Me? I've never made
a cup of tea in my life.
Ask Shanti.
Going for a power walk.
-Hey. what happened?
-[Jennifer] I am going to help Shanti.
[vibrant music playing]
Okay.
Okay. listen.
You just follow my lead.
Where are you going?
Fishing.
We can fish?
Just walk.
[slurping]
Hmm.
They are punishing us.
Come on. walk faster. Shanti.
I'm walking. I'm walking.
-We are gonna miss her.
-I can't walk any faster.
[panting]
Shanti. Shanti. we are gonna miss her.
Few more steps. and I won't reach my 50th.
[panting]
Okay. breathe. Just a little more.
Just a little more.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
-Wait. What you doing with the binoculars?
-Shh.
I told you I enjoy bird watching.
Wait. wait.
[Jennifer] Oh my… She's on the phone.
Wonder who she's talking to?
You think she is talking to Martin?
How would I know?
They're binoculars. not an earpiece.
Okay. quickly. We have to move closer.
Keep them out.
Just move.
Walk. come on. Just a little.
Just near this tree. Here. here.
My purse? How did they get your number?
Yes. you are.
but they must've made a mistake.
cause I have all my stuff here.
Anyway listen. when I am back.
there must be no ring on your finger.
-She's going back to China. [chuckles]
-Shut up!
Just hold on.
Damn. now look. she heard us.
Make a sound of a bird or something.
You're the bird-watching expert. You make.
Okay. wait.
[imitates bird calling]
[continues imitating bird calling]
Hello?
-What was that?
-Shh. I am warming up.
[imitates bird calling]
Is somebody there?
What was that?
It was a hadeda.
God. it sounds like a hyena.
Can you do any better?
[imitates chicken clucking]
Hello?
What kind of a chicken is that?
Sounds disturbed.
-[Shanti] Chicken?
-Shh.
Sorry about that.
Stop tickling my toes.
Shanti. my hands are in front of me.
How can I be…
[screaming]
-[muffled screaming]
-[shushing]
[moaning]
Okay. Shh. shh.
-[grunts]
-Shh.
-[muffled whimpering]
-[shushing]
It's gone. It's gone. Shh. shh. shh.
-Yeah. I… I will call you back. okay?
-[shushing] Calm down.
Listen. listen…
Is somebody there?
-Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
-Stop. [chuckles]
Kh-kh…Kh-kh… Kh-hk-hh…
Uurr-ghh… Uurr-ghh…
Ko-ko-ko-ko…
Hu-hu-hu…
[imitates chicken clucking]
[laughing]
Oh my God.
She's gone.
[laughing]
[phone dings]
Hey. I told you. you mustn't stop.
Hello. Prishen.
-Oh shame…
-[Baby] Morning. family.
Okay. today. we are all yours.
Well. because we love you guys so much.
we booked you a round of golf for today.
You can be my caddie.
Oh sorry. I only booked for three.
but you are welcome
to play tennis with us.
Um. she can have my space.
I'm gonna hang back and look after Jodi.
What?
Well. I… I…
I guess that settles that then.
You go play golf.
and Shanti and I will play tennis.
-I'll come with you all.
-And do what?
Aya. Aya. take Desan with you.
Oh. I know why.
Desan. you are coming with us.
You don't come.
I will tell them you pee in your bed.
You know. I've never seen much in…
in the bathroom. huh?
But Jodi. take it easy.
One wrong move.
and someone gonna get hurt.
And I thought you had a big nose.
[whimsical music playing]
[Preggie] Okay. you ready?
Soft hands. Head down.
Wiggle. wiggle. wiggle.
All right. gently back.
There you go.
Yeah! [chuckles]
-What a shot! Well done.
-It's a sign.
My new business is gonna be
such a success. I just know it.
[Shanti] Wait. Wait.
Offside.
Baby this. Baby that. I am sick of it.
Really?
I mean. she is blatantly.
blatantly trying to get on with Elvis.
[Aya] Free kick.
Where's the ball?
You know what I'd like to do. Shanti?
You know what I wanna do?
I wanna smack her
across the face with this racket.
I mean. here we are.
We stuck here. and that golf stick
is busy with our husbands.
Penalty.
Know what? Why don't you calm down
and let me get a shot in?
And the worst part. the worst part is…
is that Elvis is enjoying
every single minute of it.
[Aya] Objection.
Overruled.
-You know what? I can't do this anymore.
-[Aya] Sustained.
Desan. come and take over here.
Racket abuse.
[Aya] Substitution.
[Indian music playing]
[groaning]
[gasps]
Foul ball.
[moaning]
[laughing]
-No balls.
-[Desan grunts]
[breathing heavily]
-You know…
-Hmm?
We. uh. have a little more time.
The moms are gonna come looking for us.
[sighs]
So?
[phone rings]
[sighs]
Aya. you know what to do?
Yes. yes. I know. man.
No. say it. I wanna hear you say it.
What is your cue?
Sprinkle water. You see? I know it.
[sighs]
[exhales] Baby.
Like the doctor said.
we have to run a few more tests.
[crying]
Think about it.
Just makes sense now.
I can't get pregnant.
Hey. come here.
Look at me.
We are gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay.
-It's gonna be okay.
-[cries]
[crying]
It's gonna be okay.
Why it took you so long?
[Shanti] Go change. Desan.
Hey.
Looks like his pee problem
is getting worse.
[chuckles]
[Aya] How are you feeling. Jodi?
She's okay.
Ma. we're just going for a drive.
[Elvis and Preggie speaking indistinctly]
[witty music playing]
[mouthing] Go.
Go. Go.
Go now.
Where?
[Jennifer exhales]
Oh yeah. [chuckles]
[knocking]
[Baby] Come in.
What's wrong. Aya?
Oh. the way my head is paining.
Oh. have I got tablets for you.
So you know. when I have
a headache. I'll take a mixture.
So it will take your headache away.
and it will make you so happy…
like you just hit the jackpot
at the casino.
See…
that should do it.
Oh my God! Aya! Somebody. help! Aya!
What's wrong?
Oh my God. Prishen. Elvis. Preggie!
Ma. you okay?
This can't be happening!
[Elvis] Ma.
Ma? Just help me with her.
Ma. can you hear me. Ma?
Ma. can you hear me?
Pregs. go call the ambulance.
Not on my birthday weekend!
[drums playing]
Let me sprinkle some water.
Sprinkle some water.
Aya?
[Jennifer] Ma.
Jen. sprinkle some more water.
I am sprinkling water.
I am sprinkling more water.
Jen?
[Shanti] Aya?
Aya?
Ma?
-Thanks for coming.
-Thanks. guy.
Where's my Oscar?
How was my performance?
You really overdid it.
Your voice was shaking.
I thought you were gonna cry.
She did cry.
Anyway. did you see the suitcase code?
-Yeah. I saw.
-And?
I don't know.
I need some help remembering.
Ma.
Saras must also come to the casino.
Fine. done. Now what's the first number?
-Seven.
-[Jennifer] And the second one?
-Uh-huh.
Wait. it's such a blur.
Okay. a hundred grand
extra spending money.
-Now what's the second one?
-Three.
-Perfect. And the third one?
It's on the tip of my tongue.
-One?
-No.
-Two?
-Not two.
-Okay. three?
-[Jennifer] Shanti. just hold on.
What more could you possibly want. Ma?
-First promise you'll go for it…
-[Jennifer] Fine. I promise.
-Now. what's the third number?
-Nine.
And what she must promise. she must go to?
Cooking lessons.
[chuckles]
[Elvis] If you ladies want to come.
we're going to the pool.
[Jennifer] Who's going?
[Elvis] Well. just us. Desan and Baby.
Um. no. you guys carry on.
We will stay here with Aya.
[whispering]
They're gone. They're gone. Right.
[Jennifer] Okay. Right. Here we go.
Slowly. wait. I'll take this out.
Okay.
Traffic light bra this.
Ma. please stop.
Stop touching. Don't touch it.
-[Aya] Check how many G-strings she got.
-Aya.
-Look at it. More than you.
-[Jennifer] Ma. shh…
Ma. stop messing around.
Leave these things as you found them.
Don't touch.
Hey.
she also likes these. uh. coconut sweets.
Sugar is feeling low.
Maybe I should eat one.
Please stop fidgeting. Just let us…
Everybody likes this coconut sweets. huh?
Please. Ma.
please don't touch all of these things.
-Hey…
-[Jennifer] Put that back.
-So nice. She got a massage machine
Please. Please.
Did you see that?
Don't touch.
[Aya] Oh. yo.
Her real name is Tanasegi?
Tanasegi?
Oh my God. jackpot!
What?
Return air tickets.
[gasps] When is she leaving?
In two weeks.
-[Shanti] You sure?
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
On Diwali.
[Shanti gasps]
Should we tell Preggie about this?
No. no way. We don't wanna upset him
on your birthday.
-We'll tell him when we get home.
-All right.
Goodbye. Baby.
Hasta la vista. Baby.
Go die. Tanasegi.
[laughing]
There. attention. guys.
So. what do you all think?
Since we missed the picnic.
this is especially for you guys.
To our wives.
[clinks]
[Preggie] Laddie.
put a lekker number there.
-[Elvis] You guys ready for this?
-Yeah.
["Burnout" playing]
Hey. taking us back in time.
Woo!
♪Everyday of my life ♪
♪ Hmm hmm ♪
♪ Messing round with other guys ♪
Come on. let's move.
♪ Tell you one more time ♪
Stop it…
[laughing]
[Elvis] Preggie. come.
♪ You gonna burn out ♪
[laughing]
Hey. Baby!
♪ You gonna burn out ♪
♪ All my love ♪
[Elvis] Go on!
♪ You gonna burn out ♪
Come on. Jen.
♪ All my love ♪
Here you go.
Woo!
["All Night" playing]
♪ It's in the love. baby ♪
It's my favorite song.
♪ Darling. it's in the love ♪
Jen. you don't mind?
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ It's just the love with dancing ♪
♪ The love we got you ♪
♪ And the lonely we feel ♪
♪ It's all night ♪
♪ Oh. it's all night ♪
♪ All night ♪
[Elvis chuckles]
[laughing]
[somber music playing]
Hey. Birthday Girl.
Happy birthday. my sister.
-Mm.
-Thanks. Baby.
Happy Birthday.
Oh my God. Come. come. come.
[laughing]
You two look unusually happy.
Hm. things are looking up. hey. Shanti?
What's she talking about?
Who knows? Who cares?
[chuckling]
-[Jennifer] Hip-hip…
-[all] Hooray!
-[Jennifer] Knock. hip-hip…
-[all] Hurrah!
[laughing]
[Jennifer cheering]
All right. and now I think it's time
for Preggie to say a few words.
[chuckles] No. no.
-Hey. come. Do something for her.
-Hey. I am not much of a speaker.
Really? Well when you and Elvis
are together. you guys can't shut up.
Um. I… I'll say something.
Ma. you always put everyone first.
Today. you're 50. and for the next
50 years. it's our turn to put you first.
I love you a lot. Ma. Happy Birthday.
[glass clinking]
Time for some presents.
Wait till you see what I got you.
It's the ones you said you love.
Happy Birthday.
[kisses]
They even gave us a free colander.
Thanks.
Thanks for nothing.
Elvis. you know you gave me
a set of pots once. for my birthday?
[Elvis] Yeah.
I gave it to Saras.
You are joking. right?
Come on. man. Obviously.
my brother's heart is in the right place.
Oh. you just save it.
Jen. calm down. please.
What do you want me
to calm down for. Elvis?
Because you enjoy all the attention
you are getting from this thing.
Hey. you apologize to my sister.
right now.
No. don't apologize.
You spent most of this holiday
with our husbands.
We are just investing in her…
in her company.
It's an export-import company
opening in Durban.
So instead of calling me a home-wrecker.
perhaps you should be thanking me.
-Oh shit. That's even worse.
-Home wrecker?
Things are getting out of hand.
Can you please calm down?
Hold on. Prishen. please.
Not everyone's life's as perfect as yours.
Elvis…
were you gonna give her any money?
No. not yet.
-But this business idea is a gold mine.
-Shut it. please.
We know you are going back
to China in two weeks to Martin.
who. wait for it. is a married man.
-Is this true?
-I am here for good.
You snake.
we saw your plane tickets in your bag.
Preggie?
Huh?
-Did you give her money already?
-[Preggie] No.
-[Shanti] How much?
-[Preggie] A hundred thousand.
You will give it back. isn't it?
She gambled it at the casino.
I was putting
the ten cents in the ten cents machines.
She was putting tens of thousands
at the tables.
[Preggie] You started gambling again?
I am your brother.
How can you do this to me?
-Preggie. I need the money.
-Listen. I heard enough. okay?
Preggie. please.
[Preggie]
Family doesn't do this to family. okay?
Just… just leave. please.
Just go.
[somber music playing]
Why didn't you tune us. bro?
Why didn't you tell us about the business?
-Look. we were gonna tell you about this…
-When?
When?
When the deal was already done?
How much was this flirting
gonna cost us. Elvis? Huh?
Our life savings
are only from you. Preggie.
You would be nothing.
nothing without this woman.
[Shanti] And you?
You are married to the most amazing woman.
But yet. all this time here.
you made her feel invisible.
I didn't.
[Jennifer] You did.
And you know it.
How much were you gonna give her?
I swear. it meant nothing. Jen.
[Jennifer] How much. Elvis?
How much were you gonna give her?
Answer me. damn it!
Just answer me.
Five hundred thousand.
It meant nothing. Jen.
It was just an investment.
It meant nothing.
[breathing heavily]
Your nothing…
[voice breaks] Your nothing made me feel
like my whole world was collapsing.
Come on. Come on. let's go.
Jen.
[sighs]
This house is so quiet.
[scoffs]
This whole trip.
we wanted nothing more than to be alone.
Now that we are alone.
there's nothing more that I want than
to hear the sound of jokes and laughter.
Anything but this quietness.
Babe.
I am so scared.
What if I am really sick?
We don't know anything for sure.
and you know that I'm here for you.
I'm more worried if I…
what if we…
[sighs] Babe. don't even…
Don't even think it. Don't even say it.
What if we can't have kids? [sobs]
[sighs]
What if our house
is meant to be like this?
Still.
Quiet.
Just the two of us.
I don't want it quiet. [sobbing]
[crying]
[sorrowful music playing]
[inaudible]
[sorrowful music continues]
Who would have thought
I would be in hospital
visiting the two of you?
I'm glad you find that funny. Ma.
But one thing I must say.
[Jennifer] No. no. please don't say.
Our generation. we had to be quiet.
We couldn't say anything.
I am so glad that times are changing.
And I'm so proud of the two of you.
[Shanti] Thanks. Aya.
But it was very foolish of you
to drive off in that mood.
Really foolish.
Idiots.
[chuckling]
Hmm.
[Indian music playing]
[woman] Mr. K…
let me just check
if it's okay for you to go in.
I just need five minutes.
[phone dialing]
[doctor] So. Naidoo.
you guys have been trying for a year now.
-Uh. just about eleven months.
-Yeah.
[doctor] Okay.
Desan…
ask your father if he wants tea.
And tell him to change
the light bulb in the bathroom.
I am really sorry. but she's really busy.
But I'll take those.
Thank you.
Yes. Saras. Sometimes. I give up.
My own son too.
Good for nothing.
You want some tea?
Yeah. make a nice pot of tea. Ma.
[knocking]
-[Preggie] Hello.
-[Elvis] Hey. hey. how's it going?
-Your luck. huh?
-Huh.
Um. coming right slowly.
What coming right slowly?
You two donkeys
need to pull up your socks.
Ma. why are you being like that. Ma?
I know you still sleeping
in Prishen's room.
You take your wives for granted.
You both know
what I went through with my husband.
Just stop. or it will be too late.
Cause why?
Because you are both so stupid.
Wake up.
[sighs]
Um. guys. I can't believe
your holiday is almost over.
Jodi. I thought we could go shopping.
sweetheart.
And do you have spices?
I didn't get a chance to get some for you.
We're sorted.
[clears throat]
Look. guys.
I know this wasn't the best holiday. but…
I am so sorry.
[sighs]
We were worried about you guys.
No. please don't worry about us.
We're survivors. We're tough.
[somber music playing]
You know. we were watching you
at the beach villa.
and we were just…
We… we couldn't stop watching you.
We've been lousy parents. but you guys.
I mean. the two of you…
You're gonna make awesome parents someday.
[hopeful music playing]
[Shanti] Prishen wasn't himself. huh?
Yeah. I noticed.
What about Jodi? She was just too quiet.
-You think they are still angry at us?
-Oh. Shanti…
I think we really messed up.
[phone rings]
Oh. it's Arsevan.
Don't answer it.
You know he won't say anything.
-No. I have to answer it.
-Oh.
Hello.
Is Poobasha okay?
Is she having the baby?
She is having the baby.
How would you know that?
He wouldn't have said a word.
I just felt it.
[lively music playing]
[Aya] There's something about new life.
Something about the birth of a baby.
Maybe it makes us feel hopeful.
Or maybe it takes us back
to some special moments in our own lives.
That you feel like. somehow.
everything will all
turn out okay in the end.
And it's just a waiting game…
waiting for the next big birth.
[hopeful music rising]
[phone rings]
[Prishen] Hey. doc.
Any news?
[doctor] How is it. Prishen? I've received
the blood results from the Durban doctor.
And I've emailed them to you.
so you can have a look.
I've gone through everything in detail.
And I'm happy to tell
you both that it's all clear.
And hopefully. you won't have to wait
too long for some good news.
-We're gonna be okay.
-Yeah.
[sighs]
[doctor] So now you have
to strictly follow my orders.
[chuckling]
Which orders?
[doctor] The kitchen. the lounge.
the bathroom. the patio. the garage…
Okay. I'll see you guys soon.
[chuckling]
Now we really have to look
at Jennifer and Shanti's baby names.
No. no way. That's… that's not happening.
This is happening.
[chuckles]
Can I help?
[exhales]
I really messed up there.
Just leave me alone. Elvis.
Jen…
I don't want to lose you. Jen.
I…
I can't live without you.
You really. really hurt me. Elvis.
Just tell me what to do.
You broke me.
That's what you did.
[inhales. exhales]
Really. I can't believe I acted like that.
I…
Really. I am sorry. Jen.
I keep asking myself. over and over again.
what is it that I've done
-to deserve being treated that way. What?
-No. no. Jen. No.
It was me. okay? It was all me.
Jen…
I'm sorry.
Hey.
Just stop. stop.
Just stop. Elvis. Stop. [sniffles]
I just need… I need time.
I need space. I need… [sniffles]
I need to be alone.
I need to work this out for myself.
Jen. Jen. I… I can give you all that.
I can. Just please…
Just don't leave me.
Jen. we've…
We've done everything together. We…
We've achieved everything
that I am is because of you.
Yeah. but it doesn't feel like that.
It doesn't feel like that at all. I mean…
Recently. you don't even notice me.
You don't even see me. Elvis.
You don't even see me.
I can change.
[hesitates] I will change. I promise.
It won't happen again.
Jen…
-[sniffs]
-[Elvis] I can't lose you. Jen.
I can't.
Jen…
[sniffs]
Are you crying?
Elvis…
-[sobs]
-[Jennifer] Are you…
Elvis. I've never seen you cry before.
That's because
I've never almost lost you before.
[gentle music playing]
Elvis…
[sniffs]
-Come here. Come here.
-[sniffs]
[Elvis sobs]
-Jen.
-[Jennifer] It's okay. It's okay.
Desan. ask your daddy if he wants tea.
Shanti Naidoo…
I hope it's good.
I took you for granted.
Yes. you did.
I'm so sorry.
No more assuming anything
before talking to you. okay?
[sniffs]
That's it?
[scoffs]
I'll always make tea for you.
[soft music playing]
That's pushing it.
Hey. there's one more thing.
Oh my God.
Did you cook?
Happy Birthday. Shanti Naidoo.
[sighs deeply]
[exhales]
[indistinct chatter]
[announcer]
Ladies and gentlemen. boys and girls.
[speaking foreign language]
[in English] Good evening
and welcome to the Diwali festival.
So? Is Elvis still in the dog box?
Ah…
I gave him a break for Diwali.
[laughing]
And you?
How does it feel to have your voice again?
[sighs]
It feels like the light
is back in my life.
You are just glowing tonight.
You look so amazing.
Thank you. my friend.
Thank you.
Well. they've taken
some heavy-duty polishing.
but deep down. we know we married
two diamonds in the rough.
Deep down. you all know
you married two bloody badass.
[laughing]
What?
[Jennifer] Nothing. Nothing.
[Indian music playing]
[laughing]
["Gujariya" playing]
[cheering]
[Aya] Marriage is a funny thing. eh?
Sometimes. it stays strong.
And sometimes. the light of marriage
gets blown out by the wind.
But one thing for sure:
true love will never lose its spark.
But when it's light.
there will be dark times.
But these are the moments that make you
hold on tighter to your partner.
Cherish them.
Appreciate them.
Always let each other know
exactly how you feel no matter what.
To all the couples out there.
be the oil in each other's lamp.
because when it's burning bright.
even the darkest of spaces
don't stand a chance.
That's top marriage for you.
["All Night" playing]
♪ I get lost in a crazy time with you ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ I can't stop when the love
Feels some when you ♪
♪ I can't stop
When the love feels some when you ♪
♪ Oh…♪
♪ 'Cause you're always the same ♪
♪ It's just different phases ♪
♪ And oh. I can't take that from you ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ No matter their names ♪
♪ And no matter their faces ♪
♪ It's all just the same with you ♪
♪ Oh. it's in the love. baby ♪
♪ It's in the love. my darling ♪
♪ It's in the love with you ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ It's just the love with dancing♪
♪ The love we got you ♪
♪ And the lonely we feel ♪
♪ It's all right ♪
♪ It's all right. yeah ♪
♪ It's all night. yeah ♪
♪ Oh. it's all night ♪
♪ It's all night ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ We're making history today ♪
♪ It seems like stars in outer space ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ We're gonna dance our souls away ♪
♪ Till the morning breaks the day ♪
♪ I'm with you ♪
♪ Oh. but you're always the same ♪
♪ It's just different phases ♪
♪ And oh. I can't take that from you ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ No matter their names ♪
♪ And no matter their faces ♪
♪ It's all just the same with you ♪
♪ Oh. it's in the love. baby ♪
♪ It's in the love. darling ♪
♪ It's in the love with you ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ It's just the love with dancing ♪
♪ The love we got you ♪
♪ And the moment we feel ♪
♪ It's all right ♪
♪ It's all right. yeah ♪
♪ It's all night. yeah ♪
♪ Oh. it's all night ♪
♪ Tonight ♪